README.md, before:

#Cookie-api
This is an API that returns a cookie for the user.

#Other Branches
We also have a python branch, that can be ran inside your python bot.

#Setup
Okay so, first of all, there are two ways of running this. The options are below. 

###Web Scraping
So, here you need to scrape the  output from http://benolot.xyz/cookie/index.html (where the API is currently running). After the JS is ran, it will output the text onto the page for the bot to scrape. You'll have to get around the whole JS is ran client side thing for now, until I can work on it (expect the next few days).

###More ways coming soon
I did have a second idea in mind, then I forgot it. I'll write it down when I remember it. Until then, I'm gonna work on it outputting as a JSON file, or having the JS ran server side (via node or use PHP to replace the JS), to make scraping easier. 

#License
The Do-What-The-Hell-You-Want-License 2016 edition. You can do what the hell you want with this API, whenever you want, wherever you want. Enjoy.

Commit message:

added more info on the python branch

README.md, after:

#Cookie-api
This is an API that returns a cookie for the user.

#Other Branches  
#####Python branch  
If you came here from PyPI or are just looking for the python version, go to the 'python' branch.
The the readme over there has more detailed documentation on the python version.

#Setup
Okay so, first of all, there are two ways of running this. The options are below. 

###Web Scraping
So, here you need to scrape the  output from http://benolot.xyz/cookie/index.html (where the API is currently running). After the JS is ran, it will output the text onto the page for the bot to scrape. You'll have to get around the whole JS is ran client side thing for now, until I can work on it (expect the next few days).

###More ways coming soon
I did have a second idea in mind, then I forgot it. I'll write it down when I remember it. Until then, I'm gonna work on it outputting as a JSON file, or having the JS ran server side (via node or use PHP to replace the JS), to make scraping easier. 

#License
The Do-What-The-Hell-You-Want-License 2016 edition. You can do what the hell you want with this API, whenever you want, wherever you want. Enjoy.
